Most existing web video search engines index videos by file names, URLs, and surrounding texts. These types of video metadata roughly describe the whole video in an abstract level without taking the rich content, such as semantic content descriptions and speech within the video, into consideration. Therefore the relevance ranking of the video search results is not satisfactory as the details of video contents are ignored. In this paper we propose a novel relevance ranking approach for Web-based video search using both video metadata and the rich content contained in the videos. To leverage real content into ranking, the videos are segmented into shots, which are smaller and more semantic-meaningful retrievable units, and then more detailed information of video content such as semantic descriptions and speech of each shots are used to improve the retrieval and ranking performance. With video metadata and content information of shots, we developed an integrated ranking approach, which achieves improved ranking performance. We also introduce machine learning into the ranking system, and compare them with IR-model (information retrieval model) based method. The evaluation results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed ranking methods.
Just when you think you have your Kafka and Hadoop clusters set up and humming and you’re well on your path to democratizing data, you realize that you now have a very different set of challenges to solve. You want to provide unfettered access to data to your data scientists, but at the same time, you need to preserve the privacy of your members, who have entrusted you with their data.

Shirshanka Das and Tushar Shanbhag outline the path LinkedIn has taken to protect member privacy in its scalable distributed data ecosystem built around Kafka and Hadoop.
They also discuss three foundational building blocks for scalable data management that can meet data compliance regulations: a centralized metadata system, a standardized data lifecycle management platform, and a unified data access layer. Some of these systems are open source and can be of use to companies that are in a similar situation. Along the way, they also look to the future—specifically, to the General Data Protection Regulation, which comes into effect in 2018—and outline LinkedIn’s plans for addressing those requirements.

But technology is just part of the solution. Shirshanka and Tushar also share the culture and process change they’ve seen happen at the company and the lessons they’ve learned about sustainable process and governance
